octopus energy are there the energy
needs of today's buildings account for
some forty percent of global co2
emissions eating systems alone make
apple majority of this energy
consumption as the world population
increases urban centers grow the need
for more efficient heating solutions
will only become more acute although a
few people understand the inner workings
of any pump everyone knows of eating and
cruelly planning with this challenge in
mind octopuses developed effective
efficient and cost effective system
called I stood the high stick is a
normal interpretation of the traffic
eeprom consisting of a set of outdoor
aluminum pipes that look as offline were
icicles with only a single moving part
to the present the optimistic has very
little inflammations in fact resistors
outdoor unit has a life expectancy of up
to 50 years while the top itself lost
the ball stretcher the third cannot
entirely replacement role in building C
D system the I stick can reduce energy
usage by over sixty percent when
compared to oil based heating systems
highly efficient and easy to use the i
sticked allows users to set a desired
temperature simply walk away with mr.
maintaining a comfortable temperature or
yellow although the technology is now
used in court in 10 countries its
potential has already began to be
realized if one in five buildings in the
targeted market were to install a tree
from such as the rustic global co2
emissions
reduced by 29 million tons annually by
the year twenty twenty recruitment
system like this already all about it